c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\obj\Debug\TripCalculatorTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\TripCalculatorTest.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\TripCalculatorTest.pdb
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\TripCalculatorSolution.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\TripCalculatorSolution.pdb
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\obj\Debug\TripCalculatorTest.dll
c:\users\mcheung\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TripCalculatorSolution\TripCalculatorTest\obj\Debug\TripCalculatorTest.pdb
